277	I	Good: Great location. Friendly, helpful staff. Good breakfast, nice to have a lounge to sit and read the newspapers provided. Stored luggage until we were ready to leave. Would stay again.
449	I	Bad: Invoicing of non used items after leaving the hotel.
359	I	Bad: No hot water in the morning. Poor choice for breakfast - very little that was healthy. Good: Great location, nice room.
480	I	Bad: More restaurants. Good: Very friendly staff.
433	F	Good: Room was lovely, shower was great, staff were friendly and very helpful. Bed was comfortable and the room was really quiet
232	I	Bad: Shower Tub clogged. Good: Convenient location. Reasonable food prices. Awesome selection of cuisine. Helpful staff!
264	I	Bad: the entire atmosphere of being downtown Las Vegas. Good: Everything was very convenient to get to.
166	F	Bad: Not much. Good: For several years, a group of us has met for the SEMA SHOW. We have always come over a day early, and met for fun and dinner at your 777 Microbrewery. This time we were booked at MAIN STREET STATION as well.We'll be back, particularly since you didn't charge resort fees.
87	F	Good: A fun place to stay with great staff and lots going on in and around the hotel.
38	I	THE LOCATION OF THE HOTEL WAS OUTSTANDING. BUT THERE IS AND ADDITIONAL COST FOR PARKING JUST KEEP THAT IN MIND . IF YOU PAY FOR PARKING AT THE TIME YOU CHECK - IN BE SURE TO HAVE IT OUT BEFORE 1 PM THE NEXT DAY
416	F	Bad: Little storage space in the room small bath. But I knew that when we booked the room from other reviews, so it was as expected especially in boutique hotel. No complaints. Good: Nicely decorated boutique hotel just a couple of blocks south of the crazy South Beach scene. Several upscale restaurants a short walk away down the quiet side of South Beach. Enjoyed complimentary breakfast on the porch. Comfortable bed with nice pillows.
10	F	The staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are large and nicely furnished. Feels new, as if we were the first to stay there. Actually it is more opulent than I require. The free breakfast was good with sufficient choices including fresh fruit salad, eggs, bacon, bagels and pastries and more. It was a great location for our purpose:... More
188	I	Bad: Even though we got a non smoking room it still smelled like smoke. Good: Valet parking Duncan doughnut
459	F	Good: can't wait to stay here again!
353	F	Bad: Breakfast was a little sparse but was as advertised. Good: Nice room, small but cozy.
172	I	Bad: Very satisfied.
163	I	Bad: 1st - PARKING LOT **BAD,BAD,BAD** This is 2017, nobody need driver to parking car, unless you're 85 yrs old (should not even drive). But drivers that steals quarters from your rental car, this is very low. 2nd - They asked a deposit of 100. Because I was planning to get it back, I used a BC and not a CC. On check out I was informed that it will take 1 to 2 days. Should I trust on it 3rd - If you sleep on that room 512 and need a AC on, make sure you are deaf or use to leave near NY freeway. The noise of that machine it's worst than sleep on LV international airport at 9am with your windows car open. Will I stay on this hotel again NEVER. Good: Location, access to shopping, and cleanning
46	I	Awesome, Overall
111	I	Good: The whole 5 day experience at the hotel was superb- the room,staff and location were all perfect- thank you The Boxer second time staying with you and all requirements were met.
49	F	The hotel is located near all the attractions on the Harbor. We were provided more than we expected. There was parking right across the street restaurants within 5 minute walking distance and most of all hot and cold continental breakfast in the morning and hot coffee and tea available all day in the lobby. The rooms were very comfortable. I slept just like I was at home. Oh, I can't forget the staff: they were on their job with an attitude of excellence!
115	F	Bad: Nothing. Good: The hotel was simply excellent. The coolest hotel I have ever stayed!
83	F	Good: Staff went out of their way after checkout to locate an item I had left in the room. The room had already been cleaned and the staff got the item back to me as quickly as possible. Roof top bar was beautiful.
89	F	Bad: The hotel is next to train tracks so there is some noise from that pretty often but it's really not so bad and you kind of have to expect some noise when you're staying at a hotel that's literally in the middle of the city. Good: Very tech friendly as the hotel has its own smartphone app which allows you to order room service and control the thermostat among other things. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. The room is designed very well. Also the price of the mini bar items are actually reasonable.
256	F	Bad: One of the things we did not like was the fact that we couldn't wake up to a cup of coffee in the morning without paying an arm and a leg for one. The other was that they should at least offer free coffee and beverages to their customers. Washington State casino have a coffee and soda machines for their customers to enjoy as they play. I also do not like the idea of casinos shoving resorts fees down a person throat when they know that the percentage of customers do not use the resorts. Good: I enjoyed the friendly staff.
369	F	Bad: Couldn't find fault with anything. Good: It might sound strange to say that I was ill in bed for most of my stay but still gave the hotel top ratings!. However, the room was extremely comfortable and clean. The staff were very helpful and pleasant and the location was great. We were in the annex which fronts onto Ocean Drive and there was a very good cafe/bar below. I found out towards the end of the stay they also did room service. Wish I had been well enough to take advantage of this great little hotel.
442	F	Bad: Hotel tried to charge extra for change in tax. Had a difficult time during check in because of this factor. Room was very small for three people to stay in. Good: Hotel was clean and close to everything in south beach.
134	F	Bad: The room lacked hanging space and was quite small. Good: The staff were friendly and helpful. The bar and restaurant were nice
54	F	Hampton Inn never disappoints. Always an affordable, clean hotel with attentive and friendly staff. The breakfast is always a plus too. Also, the National Harbor is a nice area full of shops and dining choices and seems to be a family friendly hangout destination for locals.
180	I	Bad: missed not having a pool or somewhere to sit out and read. we were next to the railway so the train was noisy but we got used to it. Good: loved the food. beds very comfortable. excellent value.
203	F	Bad: The entire place smells like an ashtray. The rooms were small and the place is noisy. It's a complete freak show under the canopy---ugly people who are 90 nude with no talent. Wall to wall beggars and hawkers. The entire Las Vegas is full of annoying street hustlers and creeps. What a waste of our First Amendment Rights! Next time I go to LV, I will stay in a South Vegas Hotel, go to a show and leave the next day. Too bad Vegas is stuck with such a beggar and homeless problem. Good: It was on my bucket list and I wanted to experience the canopy light show---ok, check it off. Good deals on food: Tony Roma's is located within the Fremont Hotel and steak and lobster for 11.99 is a DEAL! The Valet Parking was free and excellent. The entire Staff was excellent but seemed embarrassed to be in such a dump. It was cheap but you pay for it if your not a smoker.
112	I	The location
485	F	Bad: The phone receiver didn't work. And the room wouldn't get as cold as I like. Good: I love my stay at the Westin.
130	I	Bad: Sofa bed very uncomfortable. Good: Great restoration of classic building close to sports, shopping and financial district.
4	I	I live in Md and the Aloft is my Home away from home...we stayed 1 night 7-7-16 ...Staff is great ! Especially Olivia who was Extra special because she remembered me by my voice over the phone ...which tells me she is very alert and pays attention to the customer their needs.AND SHE DID ! Thumbs up... More
384	F	The familial Ohana spirit of Hawaii is exuded by the staff of Ocean Tower Hotel in Waikiki. My fiance and I have made 3 trips in total to Honolulu and this by far was the best experience with a hotel there because of the very warm welcome and service provided by the staff at the Ocean Tower Hotel.Leonor in particular (and as mentioned by numerous reviews here) made us feel more 'at home' than at home.Also, as mentioned by previous reviewers, the hotel is undergoing renovations to update and modernize their rooms. The renovations were not felt or noticed by us... there was no noise and construction people noticed during our stay 05/19-05/26. We got a personal glimpse of some of the completed new rooms and what we saw indicated 5 star quality.. tile floors, Asian influenced decor, new furnishings, state of the art TV and projectors, lighting, top of the line bathroom fixtures. Once available (by end of the year we were told), I am selfishly hoping the rates would not be too different as I would love to come back to stay in those new rooms!Everyday after an exhaustive tour or beach excursion during our stay, we were extremely impressed by the clean bedding, clean bathroom and air conditioned room we returned to. Not once did we have a single complaint about the room or hotel facilities. We did at one point need the use of a microwave to heat some food and the hotel staff was happy to allow us the use of theirs.
248	I	Bad: Short staffed at the registration desk. Good: Great location and price was right
84	F	Bad: A little bit of noise from the 'L' down below, but then again that is part of the character of the city. Good: Overall cleanliness, new feel, friendly efficient staff, great happy hour! Excellent location.
157	I	Good: The staff at the place is extremely friendly.Paradise Restaurant buffet good selection, good food, and reasonable cost.
425	I	Bad: the only thing i found not 100 great was the low water pressure in the shower. Good: i love everything about the hotel really. it's just 2 blocks off the beaten track in a very quiet, ye central area of south beach. came during art basel so prices were of course high, but still reasonable
448	I	Good: Ideal location for South Beach.
107	F	Good: The room was very comfortable, great for a couple. We had a wonderful time, it was very conveniently located to the TD Garden, which is where we were attending a concert. It was also very close to the North End and Faneuil hall, which is a great area to visit for food options that are very plentiful.
154	I	Bad: Better return from the slots!!. Good: Bed excellent, pillows good, shower good with strong flow and hot. Very well maintained public spaces with lots of wood panelling. The piece of the Berlin Wall was quite interesting and all at a very good price.
484	F	Bad: The toilet in our room blocked couple times. Good: Great location and free parking! Less than 5 mins walk to the strip.
475	I	Good: Didnt smell like smoke, and no gambling
393	F	Stayed here for a week and had a fantastic experience. After reading other great reviews, decided that combined with price, this sounded like a great place to stay. Was not disappointed. Location was great -- less than 1 block to Waikiki Beach. Only 1 block other direction to bus stops, Kuhio Ave. Was able to walk from hotel to any Waikiki attraction in very short distance. I was glad I upgraded to the ocean view room because the view was great. Leonor was a wonderful host, providing us with bamboo mats, rafts, and beach towels free of charge, and boxes of candy on departure. This hotel will very shortly have a new name, though, as it is being remodeled. The rooms now are old, but clean. The new rooms that Leonor showed us are unbelievable with modern amenities. The first of the new rooms are set to open in a few wks. Can't imagine what this will do to the price but with the location and helpful staff, it just might be worth it.Would recommend staying here to anyone looking for a hotel low on price and great on hospitality!
65	F	We drove down for a weekend getaway and to celebrate a special birthday. Our infant son accompanied us. The room was nice but the bathroom was fabulous. We appreciated the separate large shower from the tub and the private toilet. I wasn't as much of a fan of the closet being inside the bathroom as it was a trip to... More
243	F	Bad: The ventilation system was not adequate for the building. Everything including room smelled like cigarette smoke. Good: restaurant
462	F	Bad: There was nothing I did not like. Good: Art Deco, location, price, and bed....
176	F	Bad: The cleanliness wasn't the best. One of our towels and bed sheets had red stains on them which the staff informed us was rust, and not blood....upon arrival the toilet wouldn't flush as well. We got stuck in a smoking room even though we didn't book a smoking room. The noise was unbearable, and when combined with the smoke just added up to disaster. Good: Close to the public transportation systems. In the middle of downtown Las Vegas.
432	I	Bad: You can hear everything we could even hear folks snoring in the next room!!!!!. Good: Location
436	I	Bad: Small rooms Poor and overprized breakfast. Good: Great location
214	I	Good: Good hotel at Fremont street. But do not expect something special. Relatively old rooms, no WIFI in the rooms, but the bed was comfortable, the staff was nice, and the Hotel is direct in the heart of Old Las Vegas.
476	F	Bad: They cannot find my booking ticket when I arrived, and the girl who serve us went to have joke with others, let us wait for her for a long time. Mini bar is empty.
258	I	Bad: We hated the window were fake. Good: I liked the location the most
210	F	Bad: There were a couple younger staff at the desk during mid day times that seemed bothered by questions. Good: Easy to park. The room was clean and cool. Valet staff was really nice. Steve the maintence man was amazing. I dropped my pearl earring down the bathroom sink. He took the time to take the loop of the drain and get my pearl earring back. I was grateful for his extra service and care.
79	I	We Had the best time ever! r r What a ball we had at Clarion Resort Waterpark! r r The place was large enough to have plenty of rides but small enough to walk comfortably. r r The entire facility is NEW and all the rooms are well
401	I	Bad: Poor sound isolation in rooms. Good: Close to most attractions
385	F	Everything positive you've read about this hotel in the Trip Advisor reviews is spot on. I originally considered the Ocean Tower precisely because TripAdvisor had it rated so highly, and my wife was adamant that we should stay in Waikiki. Normally, getting around Waikiki is painful in a car because of the traffic, but since this hotel sits at the end of the strip, it is really easy to get to from the H1 by taking the King Street Exit. Anyway, the hotel is smaller than many I've stayed in, but that (and the incredible customer service!) gives it a very intimate feel. The rooms are good sized and are seemingly soundproof, which I really appreciated. The hotel is literally a block from the beach. The parking lot is small, but they immediately gave us the option to park around the corner at the large garage of a different hotel and that ended up being a less expensive option as well.The staff was wonderful, in particular Leonore and Terry. They really took great care of us (and I have to say it's nice when the managers call you by name everytime they see you). It was my birthday while we were there, and even though they sent some treats up to the room each day, on my birthday they sent champagne and glasses.We also got to tour the rooms that are being renovated, and I can't wait to go back once that is complete in the November timeframe. The new rooms have an ultra-modern, San Francisco/ Asian theme to them, and have all the amenities one could ask for, especially if you are a technogeek like me.Overall, I was incredibly impressed with the hotel and will stay here anytime I have business or vacation in Honolulu.
97	I	Bad: The view. Good: Everything
412	F	Bad: Nothing!. Good: The hotel staff were very nice. The location of the Hotel is perfect. Its right at the beach and you even get a couple chairs and an umbrella.
464	F	Bad: Spa wasn't available. Good: Staff are exceptional and very friendly
347	I	Cozy room and vibe to this place... many food options close by.. minutes from Fenway Park and the house of blues
446	I	Bad: service and staffs are not fully trained and don t smile. Good: location
27	F	We had no choice but to stay here when a tornado hit the area and most of Vineland was without power. They charged us 190 for one night, wouldn't accept my AAA card and after leaving, we found out, we had been charged for 4 cats (which we don't own) and for another person. It was only my husband and... More
331	F	Good: Lovely room and bathroom. The lady on reception was very helpful and friendly. We would stay here again.
219	F	Bad: The bar is a little on the expensive side. Drinks are very small for the price. The bartender we had was very slow and not very friendly. We waited about 10 minutes before we were served. It wasn't busy either. Good: Staff was very nice and helpful. The location of the hotel is very convenient.
215	I	Bad: Pricey, but it was fathers day weekend. Good: Access to downtown
12	F	Upon arriving I see modern yet elegant decor which is pleasing to the eye. The front staff are very friendly. The room was clean including details, I'm talking no dust,no hair in bathroom-shower or beds which I tend to find in other hotels. Kudos to housekeeping. Sheets were crisp,beds were comfortable especially since this is a newer hotel. Breakfast in... More
140	F	Bad: The restaurant was closed for a refurb and as a result we had to eat our breakfast in the lobby on our knees. We had tiny plastic plates and plastic cutlery and a poor food choice . I was not informed by booking.com that this was the case . It was not the service we wanted for 675 dollars for 2 nights!!. Good: The room was good
153	F	The young, hip hotel guests probaby cringed when they saw me schlep my 4, 6, and 8 year olds through the front door and I immediately realized our family was not the hotel's target demographic, but we LOVED this place. As a former New Orleans resident, this is as local as you can get. Compar Lapin was unbelievable and my children could not get enough of their homemade pasta and gnocchi and probably would have gone home with our server, Clare (that is how much they liked her). The head cocktail crafter, Abby, was super friendly and insanely adorable and her staff was extremely talented and helpful. The room was so comfortable my children slept almost two hours past their norm, which was probably appreciated by the majority of guests who had been tearing up their livers the night before. We did not use maid service so my only suggestion would be a little more counter space in the bath and more towels. Other than that, it was perfect.
25	I	Pros: the location is awesome, the room size is great, the bathroom is nice also with a nice tub. Bad: the style and furniture starts to get really old, no breakfast despite the high price, the price is high, nothing exeptionnal... We were 4 people and so 4 reservations. Unfortunately one was missing. It was 1am so very bad surprise.... More
127	F	Bad: The pull out couch was extremely uncomfortable. Good: Room was great. Staff was friendly and welcoming.
76	F	Give Robert a raise! We were trying to catch a flight from O'Hare to ATL early in the morning and my girlfriend forgot her phone in the room. Luckily, we called and he managed to get the phone as we made our way back on the provided shuttle bus. Orlando the shuttle driver was quick to pull us into our... More
103	I	Bad: Cost of the valet. Good: Location to the garden
317	I	Bad: breakfast is normal. Good: I am very satisfied this hotel.
260	F	Bad: The bed was too soft for my mate and we need more pillows. They were happy to provide the additional pillows. Good: The entire staff was very nice. The room was clean and we stayed on the north-side and did not hear any noise from Fremont Street.
350	I	Bad: Nothing. Good: Convenient location in the city centre walkable to most attractions
63	F	This exquisite property located in the penasquitos canyon of North County is a spectacular retreat. In a setting resembling a Mediterranean villa, the hotel is truly grand, with spacious rooms, several dining options and cozy sitting areas to relax and soak up the well appointed spaces and beautifully manicured grounds. The resort amenities include golf, tennis, heated pools and a... More
287	I	Bad: Highly recommend. Good: Modern style, great location, super helpful staff, continental breakfast included, great value, clean
58	F	Reasonable rates with free breakfast and right in front of Gaylord National Resort worked for me very well. The rooms have good size bathrooms and the air conditioning in the rooms was excellent. Parking is 11 per day and that is why I did not give it 5 stars. However, at National Harbor 11 is not bad especially when Gaylord charges double of it per day.
308	I	Bad: I didn't like the siE of the rooms cozy but to small. Good: I liked the comfort of a small room the location and the staff that was working there
492	F	Bad: Our toilet overflowed at 1am and the water wouldn't stop. When we tried to call reception the phone didn't work. My husband went down to reception whilst I packed our clothes as I naturally assumed we would be given another room. He returned with a maintenance employee and a housekeeping employee. They refused to give us another room (so we could go back to sleep!) instead keeping us awake until 2am whilst they sorted out the problem, extracted the water from the floor (the bathroom was flooded), mopped the floor and brought fresh towels. Good: The reception staff were very friendly. A bottle of sparkling was sent to our room to celebrate our wedding anniversary upon our arrival. That was a really nice touch.
7	F	We stayed here while visiting Maryland Live!. Cute hotel in a great location. Clean, with a very modern look, upgraded bathrooms and amenities and super nice staff. Would definitely recommend and stay there again!
55	F	I stayed here with some friends for a convention. It was a good room and the free breakfast was nice.
132	I	Bad: The pillows were very flat and uncomfortable, and there was no real blanket on the bed!. Good: Location, staff, aesthetics, price.
255	I	Bad: Old outdated rooms, even though its a classic hotel does not mean they dont have to put forth effort to modernize rooms. Good: Was right in Fremont street
75	F	It's a great place to stay and leave a car if you are flying out. The courtesy shuttle takes 10 minutes to get to O'Hare.
360	F	Bad: It's not a negative per se but, breakfast could be more widely selective. But what was there was absolutely fantastic. Good: We were super-well accommodated, the staff was super-friendly and helpful. Location is great, and even on a loud street you couldn't here a thing.
151	F	Nice hotel with a great restaurant! Only thing that would have been nice to have it a bathtub rather than just a shower.
175	F	Bad: The parking garage is so hard to find. I passed it at least two times trying to find it. You also can't self park, which is a hassle coming back from being out and about. You have to rush to gather all of your belongings, souvenirs, etc, because the entry bay to the garage will hold two cars at most. You can't dilly dally. Hope that makes sense. Only paid WiFi,which was a big bummer. The express snack bar/grill staff were very unfriendly. Every time I went to the buffet, the line to be seated was always sooo long. I never did end up eating there for that reason. Good: Near all of the Fremont Street Experience stuff.
496	I	Bad: Nothing. Good: Quieter compared to the strip hotels
305	F	Bad: Room and bed were tiny - not even a queen bed. Bed took up most of the room. Breakfast was coffee and a bunch of cold bagels. Bathroom was also tiny. Not worth the exhorbitant price at all. Good: Location was good.
195	F	Bad: I was in room 314, and its very noisy at night with the street ambiance, so dont expect to sleep before 2AM. I had to take my breakfast to adjacent hotels as continental / seated proper breakfast was not available (or couldnt find it...). Good: The bed was confortable and the location is just amazing on Fremont street.
183	F	Bad: Not so quiet during the night, since it's really close to highway. Good: The beds were very confortable. The parking was for free, and the location close the Fremont street.
422	F	Bad: There was loud music playing at night and in the morning. Luckily I'm a heavy sleeper so it didn't really bother me. Good: Great location in Miami Beach (south). Close to all the action but off the main stretch so it's more peaceful. Near to lots of shops. There was an issue with our room and we had to spend one night in their sister hotel. The staff couldn't have been more helpful to make sure we were comfortable. The hotel offers a portable wifi hotspot for guests to take out with them - very cool!
48	I	Very good experience. Staff was great. Enjoyed my times especially after my previous fiasco at that other hotel.
241	I	Bad: good. Good: yes
56	F	The hotel offers comfortable, somewhat elegant rooms but I suppose I was more impressed with the personnel and the warmth you get interacting with them. But for my phone call bills which seemed a bit high, my stay overall was great.
209	I	Bad: My room was near the ventilation system and there was a lot a noise coming from that. Good: Excelent location in the freemont Experience.
67	F	The resort and staff are wonderful. The hotel is very nice and the groups are beautiful. The location is secluded so you need a rental car or to book the house car in advance. The concierge staff has not been to most of the spots so use trip advisor to help find the right places.
133	F	Bad: I think the hotel could do more to promote the on site restaurant with newly arrived guests. My husband tried it and thought the food was great but if there'd been a deal or something to catch our attention I'm sure we'd have eaten breakfast there both mornings of our stay. I also think that although the space inside the rooms seems to be well used that there are some practical challenges with storage where existing space could be better used for the ease and comfort of guests. Good: Very comfortable beds. Not massive but cosy and we all slept well. The linens were clean and fresh and we enjoyed the L'Occitane products in the bathroom. The staff were friendly, kind and helpful.
321	I	Bad: Super slow wifi, Comcast kept getting stuck and I would have to wait about 45 seconds just for the channel to change - wish there's was at least oatmeal for breakfast. Good: Location - room - clean - right in front of public library of Boston
325	I	Bad: Wifi strength not great for end room. Good: Staff, location, rooms
265	I	Bad: That I couldn't stay longer because of work. Good: All the lights and the view
348	F	Bad: Complimentary breakfast. Good: Location was great, right where we wanted to see some attractions. Free breakfast was a little misleading, (just say appetizers, and fruit basket). But overall, would definitely recommend, and stay again. Staff was good, and room was quiet.
226	I	Bad: My money was stolen at the valet... room was dirty and had to get another then key card didn't work for new room. Manager did his best but I was disappointed. Good: Location
245	F	Bad: Valet scrapped my car on the wall and no fridge in the room. Good: It was clean and close to everything!
204	F	Bad: The bathroom is very small, smaller than I am used to. The saimin noodle soup at the cafe was terrible, the noodles were mushy and blend. Good: Location was right. The buffet was so so. The food at the cafe was okay. The rooms are kind of small but okay.
31	F	Even though we were having problems, i.e. Feather allergy, Flat tire, key not working...the front desk personell were always gracious and helpful.
250	I	Bad: The cleanliness wasn't the best. One of our towels and bed sheets had red stains on them which the staff informed us was rust, and not blood....upon arrival the toilet wouldn't flush as well. We got stuck in a smoking room even though we didn't book a smoking room. The noise was unbearable, and when combined with the smoke just added up to disaster. Good: Close to the public transportation systems. In the middle of downtown Las Vegas.
57	F	We were there for 3 nights and used it as a staging area for sightseeing in DC and Baltimore. It's a nice, new hotel with reasonable rates. The staff was great with our kids, who had a blast at the pool and the 24/7 snack bar. The continental breakfast was great, but they should consider expanding their hours or at least allowing guests to finish the food that is out at 10, because every morning the food was taken away promptly at 10:00 even though the area was packed with guests still trying to get breakfast. Parking was 13/day and right across the street, which is quite reasonable for the DC area.
144	I	Good: Staff was great, room small but clean and organized well. Location to TD Garden and restaurants awesome.
162	F	Bad: I still really hate the cigarette smoke in the casino. But other then that (and all the crazies on the fremont experience at night) its fun and awesome!. Good: Location was perfect for our leisure trip. Free valet parking is always amazing (of course we tipped every time we picked up and dropped off our car!) The amount of things to do on the Fremont Experience is endless! What an awesome experience. Truly the 9th island for Hawaiians like us! We love it!
6	F	Beautiful rooms and the nicest people working there. The front desk lady, Olivia, was extremely patient and helpful. We had lots of questions and she had just as many answers. The rooms were sleek and modern. The only thing that would make this hotel better would be free breakfast, but I really am asking for a lot. A++ stay. Thank... More
105	I	Good: Beautiful rooms and amenities - L'occitane products. The restaurant Finch great food and amazing bar. Loved the Boxer
91	F	Bad: A little sticker shock with 65/night valet parking, but I hadn't done my research for cheaper options, so not a big deal. Good: Super hip and definitely a young techy vibe, but everyone was friendly and helpful. Room was as described and very spacious for the location and price. Even though it is right at the corner of the L Tracks, sound wasn't a problem. Exactly what was needed!
149	F	Loved this place! If you are looking for a chain hotel, THIS IS NOT for you. If you are looking for different, unique, friendly, fun...then this is it. We chose the little room with Queen bed, no windows..and it was GREAT. Best bed I've slept in while traveling in a long long time. Although there are internal hotel noises every once and a while..it was by no means disturbing or loud. Location was awesome! We mainly hung out on Decatour street/Jackson square/French market..but even bourbon street was a short walk. Hotel staff is very knowledgeable about places to eat and things to do. We didn't drive here so no idea about parking or valet. Staff was extremely friendly. It's just a super little gem in a crazy town.
413	I	Good: Staff and service was very friendly and helpfull. Hotel is nice, location is nice.
327	F	Bad: Very minimal breakfast. Good: Great location.
9	F	In my line of work, I use meeting space in hotels often. In my 15+ years of doing this work, this is the first time I've felt the undeniable pull to go out and write a hotel review, based solely on my meeting room experience. Though I did not use a guest room here, my colleagues who did shared that... More
389	F	My husband and I just returned from a five day trip to Waikiki - my first time there, and we were thrilled with our choice to stay at Aqua Ocean Tower Hotel. We would definitely stay there again! As many others have already mentioned, the staff is like none other I've EVER met in a hotel. We felt like family in just a few short days. They even hugged us good-bye when we left!! Every single staff member that we encountered greeted us with a big smile, hello and answered many questions that we had about dining, directions, tips, souvenir ideas, sightseeing, etc. They offered to special order us our favorite donuts to be delivered first thing in the morning when their breakfast pastries were delivered. They set aside our favorite pastries for us while we went shopping so they wouldn't all get eaten up during the continental breakfast. We had a late flight out and they allowed us to check out as late as possible during the day and then still extended us the option to come back later in the day if we got tired to stay in their complimentary room. They showed us one of the completed newly renovated rooms, which is just lovely. It has a modern, asian look and feel to it. Very beautiful! I cannot wait to come back and stay in one of the new rooms! They said the renovations were supposed to be completed this summer, but things have been put on hold for now and they're not sure yet when all the renovations will be done. The walls are a little thin and one night our neighbor had his tv up way too loud all night. At about 3 am we finally called the front desk and they immediately took care of the problem. They went to our floor and discovered that there were actually about four rooms near us that all had loud tvs. They contacted all rooms by phone, except for one, and the security guard took care of the other room. We slept like babies the rest of the time!! Leonor, the manager, made me a beautiful purple lei to take with me as a souvenir from our trip and stay there. If you're unsure about whether or not this would be a good place to stay, I can assure you you'll be glad you stayed there. It's only one block from the beach. It's very clean and there are two Great restuarants at the hotel next door - the Tiki Grill and Wolfgang Puck Express. We ate at both places twice, they were that good and with very reasonable prices, too. Tiki Grill was a bit more expensive with a beautiful ocean view, but we just ordered several appetizers. The coconut shrimp was awesome and they had very good salmon. We had the Asian Noodle Salad at Wolfgang Puck, which also has an ocean view, but they also have great pizzas and sandwiches. For parking, we kept our car at a garage about a block 1/2 away from the hotel for only 8/day instead of 15/day at the hotel. You won't disappointed if you stay here!!!
434	I	Bad: Expensive but all of south beach is. . Good: Location
378	F	This well kept secret has excellent and friendly service with reasonably priced rooms. The absence of a restaurant and bar in the hotel is barely noticed as numerous restaurants and bars are only steps from your room. I would put this hotel up against any on the beach with service and cleanliness. The hotel is updating all the rooms, which are slightly dated, to reflect an Asian influence. This includes projection TV and steam shower. I can't wait!
23	I	excellent location near convention center. friendly, willing staff. not a true luxury hotel in terms of the room I received, but a comfortable clean room, I didn't really need any more than that. After all you're here to visit San Francisco, not the hotel.
156	I	Bad: Losing money lol. Good: I like the attitude and service from the staff...i enjoy the atmosphere and the food
285	F	Parking is available at a parking garage a few streets away if you use the one recommended by the hotel. The rate the hotel give you is not the lowest rate you can get, I parked at the same parking lot for less using a parking app. It is worth looking into this if you are driving. Secondly, make sure you try and get a room with a queen bed. The doubles are tiny and this was my only regret with staying at this hotel. The location of the property is excellent. Easy to get to from the freeway, and easy to walk to Boston Common, restaurants, bars and local tourist attractions. Staff were very helpful on arrival and during the stay. No expense was spared in the room in terms of technology (had hard wired speakers even in the bathroom). Not sure they are needed, but was a nice touch. Rooms were clean, bathrooms small but had everything you need and was nice to have a shower not standing over a bath for once.
118	F	Bad: We had breakfast on two days in the hotel. One day (Sunday) the service was great - the next day it was very poor. While the hotel is quite central, the choice of restaurants very close to the hotel is not good. Good: Front desk staff were friendly and happy to give advice etc. Nice hotel with funky rooms. Room we had was a bit noisy at night - can turn the fridge off but still noise from air con or something else.
266	F	Bad: I guess the lack of facilities in the modern world. No pool, hot tub, gym. We got lost a few times walking down stairs, even went into their staff lounge and kitchen by accident. No free wifi anywhere! 10 a day per device.... Good: We loved being in the center of action and its great value. All the staff were very helpful.
497	F	Bad: Hotel was under a major renovation n there is no casino n no restaurants within the hotel. Ice machine was broken on our floor. You have to have key access to get ice from other floors but no access ever given. We had to ask 6 times for keys! They wouldn't work at all! Very very inconvenient! Apparently from what the staff said they have key problems all the time n i saw lots of guest going through the same problems. Staff is also rude in a professional way. Good: Beds we're comfy
338	F	Bad: The TV was on in the lounge during breakfast, tuned to GMA and Kelly Ripa-terrible shows, too loud, couldn't find a remote. It would be better on close caption with no sound or another channel, or have the remote so that breakfasters can change it. Thanks!. Good: Atmosphere. Location.
367	F	Bad: Dont change a thing. Good: Staff was very accommodating even those we shared elevator rides with. Location was central and easy to walk places. We enjoyed our stay.
246	I	Bad: Non smoking rooms smelt like smoke and just all the cigerate smoke throughout hotel. And room drains slow draining. Good: I liked the lanai restaurant and valet parking
100	F	Good: I loved the quirkiness and style of the hotel. The staff were so friendly and accommodating. The drinks at the bar were top notch and the price for the location was unbeatable. And the bed, the bed was perfect. I slept like a baby.
364	I	Bad: Nothing. Good: Convenient location in the city centre walkable to most attractions
286	F	Bad: There was NOTHING we disliked! The room was small but that was to be expected and the two of us were very comfortable there. The room size and the narrow hallways gave the entire place the European feel... nothing wrong with that, right. Good: 1. Outstanding location! Close to the T, the airport shuttle, historic churches, Public Library (also an attraction in itself), Prudential SkyDeck, the amazing Newbury St. with all the shops and restaurants... I could go on and on. 2. Excellent staff - attentive, helpful, understanding, flexible... overall very pleasant without being over the top. 3. A small place that felt like home, without that big corporate hotel feel. 4. A good continental breakfast that never ran out of any items. 5. Free WiFi that ran very well. 6. Reliable cooling/heating system. 7. All the small details such as nice toiletry items, modern plumbing, detachable shower head, hairdryer, iron, a huge mirror... Thank you, CharlesMark! We hope to stay there again.
136	F	Good: The location was perfect for walking to everything
139	I	Nothing Very friendly staff and very helpful
398	I	Bad: nothing. Good: Location is perfect. Near to the beach, resturants, lounge bar, etc. the room is good and clean.
314	I	Bad: Breakfast - hardly adequate. Good: Location and value for that location. Easy to get to - right across from bus station to/from Logan airport. Room was small but comfortable and updated.
52	F	Our room was a bit small. There was no microwave in the room. Location was more for couples than for family. The room itself And service were excellent.
101	F	Bad: I was supposed to get a room with two beds and ended up with a room with one full bed for me and my husband.it was very small!.
44	I	Convenient and comfortable. Staff is great, breakfast and WiFi is a bonus.
142	F	Bad: Just want to say paying 330 for one night would have been nice too get breakfast included in the price. . Good: At least it wasnt too far from TD garden.
470	F	Bad: Pre-paid for a premium room with two double beds but was given a disability access room with a king bed. .
164	I	Bad: Dirty and old room. Valet parking is not comfortable. Casino is old and has no roulette. If you have a car, you can stay, cause the price is everything. Good: Pretty cheap for Las Vegas
116	F	I didn't like the size of the rooms, not as big as I thought they would be. I liked the central location to Downtown Boston.
17	F	Stayed here for second time recently. Gorgeous lobby. Friendly staff. Good free shuttle service. Our room this time was disappointing. King bed in too small space so that one side did not even have a lamp. Also the heating/cooling unit was right next to the bed and very noisy so we turned it off. Luckily it was not needed. Room... More
372	F	Bad: Very noisy at night (24h party directly below the rooms in the other building, traffic). We didn't stay in the main building, we weren't informed before. So please check before, otherwise there's not much sleep possible. Good: Next to Ocean Drive, so the beach is over the street. Room was huge and clean. Valet parking was very fast (39/d), staff was friendly. Also the roomservice was fast and delicious.
190	I	Bad: It was hard to get into the parking area because of traffic (an event was going on) no coffee pot in the room. I like to sit and drink coffee for and hour or so before doing anything for the day. I'm not paying 3.00 per cup of coffee. Other than that it was ok. Good: It was a beautiful hotal
40	I	clean, good area, very kind crew, easy to park
478	F	Bad: The elevator was tricky to use as you had to insert your room key which didn't always work. The front desk never mentioned it either so I had to figure it out on my own. Good: The location was great. The room was basic but still nice and clean. The pool was low key, perfect for relaxing.
24	F	Hotel Zelos was a great place to stay in San Francisco. The staff is definitely the highlight of the hotel. The hotel itself is great: clean, well decorated, etc, but the people who work there were very helpful and friendly. The location is great being right next to the Powell BART station but the neighborhood is under construction. This obviously isn't the fault of the hotel and won't impact your stay. We couldn't hear any of the construction, but it makes it a little more difficult to get around. Overall, I definitely recommend Hotel Zelos!
77	I	Average hotel for decent price. It was balanced. Housekeeping did leave our door only ajar after cleaning one day. Arrrggghhhh!!!!! Nothing was missing.
220	F	Bad: I loved everything. The parking, the restaurant ,the rooms and the the several acts that perform every night in the downtown area. Good: The people at the front desk were superb. They upgraded me to a real nice room.
409	I	Bad: Construction next door. Good: Big front porch, short walk to beach
270	I	Bad: Breakfast was missing protein. Only bagels and donuts. Good: Location! Location! Location!
159	I	Good: HELPFUL STAFF
88	I	Would be nice if the duvet were in a duvet cover as I just get tangled between the flat sheets and the comforter Gym could really do with some more variety in terms of machinery - Its impossible to do much leg work as there is no squat rack with a bar - or even a smith machine which has multiple purposes Super helpful staff 24/7 - very accommodating of my unusual hours Room service menu is amazing Views are amazing Cerise Bar on the roof is epic and the bartenders are amazing I will be coming back and SOON!
117	I	Good: Very quaint hotel, good location, great staff...amazing time!
437	F	Bad: As others have commented the Valet Parking at 35 per day is steep however it is known before you sign up to it, there is a parking lot close by that only charges 15 per day although not sure what they would charge if you wanted to leave overnight. Good: Very good location on Ocean Drive but away from the noise of the main area. Breakfast was ideal, plenty of choice and had the added bonus available until noon Rooms were clean and tidy and we did not find them small and we had two large suitcases in each as well as other hand luggage. Staff always acknowledged you
361	F	Bad: Tempeture control. Fan was not automatic. Had to manually turn off and on. not a deal breaker. Good: Location and staff. Staff was very friendly and helpfull. We arrived a few hours before check in and they held our luggage while we explored the area. Lots of shopping an dinner choices close by. T was 2 minutes away. Room was nice.
303	F	Bad: Closest parking was a 4-5 minute walk away for 28 overnight. Closer parking is available for 48 overnight. Good: Great neighborhood on Boylston and a block from Newbury St. Plenty of restaurants and bars within walking distance to choose from. It is one of the better values compared to other hotels in Boston. Half a block from the Copley T station if you want to get to another part of the city. 15- 20 minute walk to Fenway Park for the Sox game.
62	F	Stayed here for Thanksgiving and had the best experience. Before we arrived they asked my three year old little boy's name and when we arrived they had the most adorable kids travel pillow and personalized cookie waiting for him. They had children's games on the lawn right outside our bottom floor room, 105, and he had his face painted for... More
202	I	Bad: Bed was not comfortable - they need to replace the mattress. Good: Room was clean.
424	I	Bad: Uncomfortable beds. Good: Location
247	F	Bad: The wait to enter the buffet was too long never got in the whole week.. When I went to the other restaraunt I was told I couldn't order certain items as they are for happy hour only so I left. They also did not have a pool or any alternative except travel 18 miles to their other facility and use their pool. They never even gave me a discount for lack of this facitilityor even notifying me as I made my reservation months in advance, I also did not like having to park outside of the parking garage only cause I was riding a motorcycle the parking garage was for cars only. I felt as though I was a second class citizen, no laundry facility service or machines . Good: The location was good and the staff especially the cleaning of my room was great.
469	F	Bad: I was overcharged at the property and after two requests to front desks no one got back to me. The third time I went to follow up myself. They overcharged me 130 dollars for the room. The hotel was under renovation so it was not good being on a partial construction site with the sound of drills going off. I would advise to shop around on the strip. Good: Bed was comfortable
216	I	Bad: No pool. Good: Every thing was walking distance
186	F	Bad: Limited TV channels and no refrigerator or coffee making facility in room. Good: The free parking at the hotel was great and all the staff were very helpful and polite.
189	F	Bad: The hotel bathroom should be remodeled as the bathtub looks quite old. The drain gets clogged easily, and the basin tap handle looks like it is about to fall apart. No free WiFi. No fridge. And even no coffee-maker/kettle. Good: Good location with a few minutes walk to the Mob museum. The hotel is located in the heart of Fremont Experience. Both northbound and southbound bus stops are just beside the hotel building. Besides, the staffs are quite friendly. The buffet was satisfactory, and the price is cheap due to the 10 off for guests every meal.
288	I	Bad: staff r not helpful at all, room was really soooooo tiny even I booked large room, but the staff gave me two options,, if I want the large room I booked,,,, I have to go up a stair with my luggages, then down a stair again with my luggage to the basement, then walk through a hall way to reach my large room,,, or get a tiny one so I can use the elevator and make it easier for me to reach a room with all my luggages. really Bad experience,, I paid 200 a day for this SH,, I would Pay only 160 at Bellagio LAS VEGAS and get the best service in stars hotel,,,better than this hotel charlesMark. dont book this hotel Pals in case u have other options. Good: location
173	F	Bad: The place was falling apart, the tub was cracked and broken. the bathroom shelf was barely holding on. The bed was extremely tough to sleep on. Good: I liked that it was close to entertainment. The shower held a hot water temperature for a long time.
329	F	Bad: More comfortable seating in the breakfast area. Good: Excellent location, really convenient for exploring Boston and close to the underground for travelling to the airport. Comfortable room and convenient breakfast facilities.
374	F	Bad: Can be a little noisy at night but that is the compromise for being at the centre of all the action. Good: If you are looking to be at the centre of all the South Beach madness then this is the perfect hotel. Located right across from the beautiful beach and in the middle of the Art Deco district. Large comfortable rooms that offer full amenities. Good rooftop pool with great snack and drinks bar. Staff very helpful and John the concierge was great.
443	F	Bad: The room is very small. The footstep sound from other room can be heard. The wifi is too weak. Good: What I really like is the location and decorations. It only takes 5 minutes to beach.
392	F	My wife and I had a very nice time in Waikiki. We wanted to have a good time and not spend too much money. We booked a standard room at the Ocean Tower Hotel. Renovations are going on now to upgrade all the rooms. Our first room was clean and met our needs. But one night we had a small problem with a sprinkler in our room. To take care of the problem we were given a deluxe ocean view room for the same price. This made the vacation so much nicer, getting up in the morning and looking at the ocean. I have Leonor Wong to thank for this and many other things she did to make are stay so nice. When we go back to Waikiki we will stay at the Ocean Tower Hotel.
323	I	Too expensive for what offered Location and staff
344	F	Everything was perfect
439	I	Bad: Delays in checkin, no liquor license yet!. Good: Location room
231	I	Bad: Not a thing. Good: The room was nice and clean, bed was very comfy. The restaurants were all great the Buffet was awesome.......... So much to do in the aera
253	F	Bad: We liked everything. Good: The beds were comfortable the rooms were clean
354	F	Bad: The room we stayed in has a window was facing an alley. We were woken up at 3 am by the garbage truck and they were there until 5.30 AM picking trash from the entire alley, not a good idea for light sleepers. The hotel should invest a bit in better soundproof windows. Good: Good spread of breakfast. Friendly staff Great shower and toiletries
499	I	Bad: Buffet Break fast was not to the standard of Westin. Small casino Worst of all away from Strip, which was not described well by booking.com when booking hotel......... Only one small restaurant. Good: Staff was very courteous.
41	F	We had a great overnight trip to the National Harbor near DC. All of the sites and entertainment were within walking distance!
463	I	Bad: Was told I would get a robe and didn't.
0	I	Our experience at Rancho Valencia was absolutely perfect from beginning to end!!!! We felt special and very happy during our stayed. I would come back in a heart beat!!!
224	I	Bad: That I had to leave great place. Good: Everything very nice room food service
298	F	Bad: The breakfast was good but there could've been more variety to it. Good: The location was amazing! I also liked the fact that the hotel was very cosy.
242	I	Bad: Smoking. Good: Not crowded
330	I	Bad: Poor breakfast. Good: Good location, good design, comfortable room.
471	I	Bad: View from room over car park. Good: Great location just off the main strip near Caesars Palace. Room comfortable and staff helpful. Allowed us to have a late check out at no extra cost.
69	I	Expensive Yes. Service Above the norm! Nickel and dime you on the small stuff Nope! (one of my pet peeves if you are going to stay at a hotel of this caliber) This property gives you 5 star service. Forgot your work out clothes Let the staff know your size. Need some feminine products, be there in 5 minutes. The... More
182	F	Bad: The bathroom needs to be upgraded. It is very worn, the brown wall paper was dirty and the paint on the sink counter was pealing off. was also disappointed the room did not have a coffee maker. I like to have a cup while I get dressed in the mornings. would have liked a non-smoking area in the casino. I am a non-smoker and I had to keep taking breaks and go outside for fresh air. Good: The Beds were great! The location was very good. The gentleman at the Registration desk was very helpful and friendly. And the Lady at the Keno lounge was nice too.
146	F	Good: Great location. Extremely comfortable bed and pillows. Wonderful friendly staff.
86	F	Bad: Had a couple of glitches getting the room serviced but otherwise very friendly and helpful staff. Good: Great location. Nice rooms with exceptionally comfortable bed.
26	F	After getting the bait and switch I decided I'd rather stay anywhere else. I'm sure I wasnt missing much as it looks like project style crack house apartments. The front desk (old middle eastern lady) was extremely rude and up charged me 50 when I got there! I travel and stay in hotels 250 days/ year and trust me this... More
61	F	We arrived here very tired after 24 hours of travel and airports and from the moment we arrived we felt like royalty. We dined a Amaya multiple times (please see separate review). The room was stunning and more than we could ever expect, nothing was to little for the staff and they all seemed genuinely friendly even down to the... More
403	I	Good: From the room, to the staff to the location.....this hotel has it all... and who doesnt like breakfast that is served until noon....i was a little worried at first, because i couldnt believe the deal we got for a hotel in SoBe....but everything was just PERFECT....
185	F	Bad: The elevator to the parkade requires some maintenance - at least a wet mop to kill whatever is lurking on the floor!. Good: This resort hotel is amazing - the location in perfect, the rooms are huge, and absolutely spotless!
457	F	Good: Clean and nice room with comfortable bed. Really friendly staff. This hotel is my favourite in Miami Beach.
18	F	My husband and I always try to stay at the Hotel Phillips when we are in Kansas City. It is our favorite hotel and we have stayed at many. I feel at home there and the staff has always been exceptional, although we are not particularly demanding guests. Over the years we have probably spent at least 20 nights there.... More
376	F	We have just returned from 10 days at the Aqua Ocean Tower Resort in Waikiki Beach, HI. While this hotel would not be your choice if you are looking for luxury, it is extremely clean and the staff was so friendly and helpful that we considered them friends upon our departure. There were 3 of us - we stayed in a room with 2 double beds, and had more than enough room for our stay. The location of this hotel is KEY! It is only 1 block from the beach, as well as most trolley and bus stops. It is within walking distance of the Honolulu Zoo, Aquarium and many of the shopping plazas and restaurants. We never even had the need to rent a car!! They are currently in the process of renovating their rooms. Even when you were in the room during the day, you did NOT hear the renovations being done on the other floors. Renovations on all floors are to be done in June 2007. We had the opportunity to take a look at a couple of the finished rooms. The new rooms are absolutely BEAUTIFUL! You feel more like you are in your bedroom at home than in a hotel. While this was certainly not the most lavish hotel that I have ever stayed in, it was quite possibly among the best hotel experiences that I have ever had. I will definitely recommend this hotel to my friends and family for any trips that they plan to Oahu.
161	I	Good: Best gambling in Vegas and best comps! Brewery is great, rooms very clean, staff is wonderful. I only stay at Main Street.
310	I	Bad: Too pricy, very basic for what you pay for. Good: Nice staff, good continental breakfast included. Excellent location.
39	I	was too quick, but very nice area
415	F	Good: The breakfast was fantastic as we partying late in Miami Beach and we were able to have our brekkie up until 12 noon! Also, the staff were all very friendly!
332	I	Good: Bar had a good atmosphere, room was really cute.
35	I	Free breakfast! Attentive staff Fantastic location
217	I	Bad: Dirty, tiny bathroom and no pool. Good: Prime rib meal deal at Roma's
197	F	Good: Westin has always the most comfortable beds
380	F	The hotel is very near the sea...I think about 30 seconds on foot!The rooms are comfortable and clean. No luxury but very good value for money, if we consider the wonderful location of this hotel. Moreover, the staff is extremely kind, friendly and willing to help you...I will never forget the housekeeping manager, who was so sweet, and always gave me breakfast (and in abundant helping) after 10.00 am, since I was always late (let's say I enjoyed Honolulu's nightlife...). All in all, the aloha spirit is so evident in this hotel, which I strongly recommend.
396	F	I am currently in house and felt in necessary to write a review immediately. This hotel is amazing and I would recommend it to any and everyone staying in NOLA. The entire staff is fantastic and friendly. Even prior to arrival, their service was seamless. I had to send a credit card authorization because my wallet was stolen and it was handled by the staff in no time at all. I even mentioned that I was arriving super early in the morning and I arrived at 9am to find my room was already checked in and waiting for me, which was so beyond my request. It is hip, trendy, fun, lively and worth every dollar. The room, while on a low floor, is perfect. I had a problem with my television, which I normally need to sleep and even though it was late and the staff could not immediately rectify the issue, it was the way it was handled that truly made all the difference. I could not be more pleased. I will say one thing.. a word to the wise, if you will. Bourbon Street will get you every time. I was somehow hungover by 6pm. Drink Responsibly.
80	I	Awesome hotel. Virgin really took the time to figure out all things at are frustrating about staying in a hotel and fixed them - kudos!!! The hotel will become a regular haunt in the future. From free wifi, free cocktails, a mini bar you're not terrified to touch, not to mention the no check out time, they really are way ahead of the rest. Oh by the way did I mention the really cool room... Awesome! Highly recommend the hotel. From young teens to my parents in their 70's the hotel met our every need.
276	I	Bad: noisy room heater/AC unit. Good: location, small comfortable room.
5	F	I stayed here with my family for my daughters wedding. It had a very accommodating staff, Olivia was excellent. The rooms were very well maintained. Would highly recommend this hotel, especially if your wedding venue is Celebrations at the Bay!
120	I	Bad: Paying for parking. Good: Friendly and prompt service.
453	I	Bad: Bed bugs. Room too small. Too expensive When I was going to sleep, I found some bed bugs in my bed. It's terrible! I went to lobby to find someone help me. The receptionist helped me change a room. This room is even smaller than the previous one. I can't sleep all the night because it's too noisy, and I am still afraid of the bugs. The next day, I told the receptionist I would like to check out, even I booked for 3 night. She agreed, but didn't give me any compensation. I paid 300+ for a room which had bugs and was noisy, small. Good: The attitude of staff.
238	F	Bad: Only thing I would have changed is the climate control. It did not go anywhere near as high as I would like for it to go. Maybe it was just my room, but definitely could have been cooler. Good: Got more than what I expected from this hotel! They let me choose what floor I wanted to be on, which I've never gotten from anywhere else. Location is PRIME. Fremont Street is right outside their doors! The room is just like any other average hotel. It was very clean and comfortable. Michael Ovalles was very helpful in showing us around. He also helped us get our player cards and a complimentary deck of cards to enjoy our stay!
368	I	Bad: Pool close too early. Should be stay availble all the time overnight. Good: Room cleanness and staff
234	I	Bad: Rude staff. Couldnt find our reservations waited 2 hrs to confirm eventhough prepaid..rooms not cleaned. Got smoking instead of non smoking. Will not be staying there anytime soon not. Good: Location
141	I	Bad: the room was not very big and a couple more hooks here and there would have been nice to hang coat, towels etc. Good: nice decoration, well located
236	I	Bad: wifi is chargeable. Good: location, casino was cheap, food is just in the hotel (buffet, donuts, etc)
324	F	Good: Fantastic location right near Copley Square and directly above marathon finish line.
114	I	Fitness center small and not well equipped. Good location.
345	I	Bad: Small room. Good: Location location ! Easy Check in And our
473	I	Good: Structure, room
122	I	Good: The hotel environment, the staff went above and beyond to make our first trip to Boston better than we expected. Recommendations they made, help with directions, very friendly, didnt feel like a hotel, felt like staying with friends. Comfortable beds, cozy room, great food.
494	F	Bad: Toothpaste. I wish more hotels came with toothpaste in the bathroom . I hate calling to get some. It's a necessity. That's my only complaint, but that's pretty much for every hotel I've stayed in. Good: The bed was beyond comfortable, didn't want to get up at all
218	I	Bad: A fridge in the room would be super nice. Good: The room was very clean, beds comfy and 3 pillows. Every one was friendly. Great valet staff.
441	I	Good: Location. Peace and quiet. Breakfast good, nice bar.
109	F	Bad: We had booked 2 rooms for our 3 night Boston trip - King Room for us and a Double Double (ie with 2 double beds) for our teenagers. I booked this in December for our July visit. I emailed twice before arrival to request that the rooms were close by (on the same floor) and both times got no reply - and that should have alerted me and to be honest sums up 'Boxer Customer Service'. On arrival we were told that there were no rooms available with 2 beds, the guy on reception seemed clueless how to help us. Our teenagers were supposedly 'upgraded' to a suite where my son had to sleep on a sofa / pull out bed (or share a King size bed with his sister). Totally unacceptable - I booked these rooms 6 months in advance. All in all we had interactions with 4 different staff members (including someone from Accounts who had to process a compensation refund) and at no time did either my wife nor I feel like the Customer . . . . you know the kind The PAYING Customer! So in terms of Comfort score - low because my son was on a sofa bed for 3 nights. In terms of Value for Money - low 1800 and my 16 year old son gets a sofa bed In terms of Staff score - low because they are in serious need of some Customer Service training. Good: The Boxer in Boston SHOULD be a fantastic hotel - it's a great building, location is excellent (we were able to explore everything that Boston has to offer from there), rooms are a good size but overall our stay was not as good as it should have been. Came away from our 3 night stay (planned and booked 6 months earlier) just feeling like we had been let down . . . .
333	F	Bad: The pillows were flat. Good: It was a great location close to everything. The bathroom was newly remodeled and beautiful! The bed was average but I got good night's sleep.
200	F	Bad: There's nothing not to like here. Though the maid service was good but they are kind of early to knock at the door for cleaning service. They're there at 8am and we were still in dreamland that we were forced to get up and open the door to talk to them to clean later. Good: We love our very spacious room though we didn't have a single king sized bed. They gave us twin beds but it's fine. The Garden court buffet was also great! It was very affordable. We almost eat there everyday because of its price. Please keep it that way.
411	F	Bad: Only down side was the breakfast as hot choices were always overcooked splitting hairs as a coffee drinker would say coffee was awful. But you have perfectly good diner 2 block away so no big deal. Good: Location, rooms, front Terrace and great staff plus the hotel was super clean and well presented. Will definitely be back. Not forgetting beach towels provided and sun loungers on the beach.
138	I	Bad: Room servicing late in the day. Good: Great hotel. Friendly staff.
145	I	Good: Perfect location if you're attending an even at the Garden. Very short walk
16	F	Very comfortable room. Our son came and they had a couch that they pulled out into a queen size bed. Free wifi and bottled water. This hotel was built back in the 20's and the decor is fabulous. A very neat hotel.
98	F	Beds were very comfortable, room amenities perfect. Enjoyed the lobby level coffee shop, roof top bar and happy hour on the 2nd level every evening. A great bonus!
181	I	Bad: I lost roulette. Good: Buffet bb
108	I	the breakfast at 17 bucks was a bit of disgrace. it is a particular building.
300	I	I liked the breakfeast like swedish buffet
51	F	I can't comment on the breakfast because we slept through it but everything else was excellent! I dont know why anyone would pay twice the price to stay at the Gaylord. 5 stars all the way!
355	F	Nothing to complain about Everything was fine and week with the price. It is very central in Boston and close to the public transportation.
472	I	Bad: The first room - AC not working. No hot water in bathroom. The second room - was not totally cleaned. Leftover shampoo, conditioner, and soap were found in tub area. AC is noisy.
262	I	Bad: No wifi in the rooms in 2017. Good: Great location! Friendly staff and you can buy your breakfast in the casino. There is no free Wifi in the rooms, but you can enjoy free Wifi in the lobby. Room was spacious enough and linnens were clean. Room looked like it was recently updated and we enjoyed our stay.
50	I	Repeat trip to this hotel for national conference attendance. Provides a quality stay, business center kept me in touch and great value for limited travel budget.
129	I	the bed was very comfortable
223	I	Bad: Better meal choices. Pool and fitness center on property. Good: Ease of conveniece to everything I needed
59	F	We hosted our annual Client Event at The Grand Del Mar and it was excellent!! The service, property, rooms, restaurants, and GOLF absolutely magnificent. Our conference managers were a gem, great service! Thank you for making an important event run so smoothly.
90	F	Bad: Loved everything about Virgin Hotel. Good: First and foremost the staff - just wonderful. Friendly and very patient with all the enquiries we made! And we were there for the historic parade to celebrate the Chicago Cubs World Series win and the icing on the cake was another historic win - Ireland beating the All Blacks after 111 years!
477	I	Bad: No pool. The Breakfast room was not appealing. The buffet was limited. Good: The heavenly beds
225	F	Bad: There is handicap parking for checking in but not close after checking in. Good: Everything was convenient and costs of the buffet were not bad. Prices in the restaurant were affordable.
95	I	Good: The suite was very well apointed, plenty of room for an inroom breakfast --the bed and bedding were very nice. The staff couldnt be nicer We had a great night on the rooftop deck.... we never left the propertysmall plates a DJ and wonderful views. Ill be back
229	I	Bad: The bar tender in the Casino was not at all friendly or attentive. Good: very nice restored hotel. Excellent condition. Great atmosphere. A very nice place to stay in Downtown Las Vegas
1	F	Amazing place. Everyone was extremely warm and welcoming. We've stayed at some top notch places and this is definitely in our top 2. Great for a romantic getaway or take the kids along as we did. Had a couple stuffed animals waiting for our girls upon arrival. Can't wait to go back.
455	I	Bad: Room size. Good: Location
370	F	Good: The room was lovely and spacious, bed very comfy. Staff changed our bed every day and fresh towels. We could not have been better looked after by manager Lewis. Events organizers Ricardo and John were great help for tours.
251	I	Bad: No self parking.. had to reach down to flush toilet. Good: Location
125	F	Good: A marvelous location, very friendly crew, it's clear hotel where you feel you are in Boston!
386	F	We just returned from a 6-night stay at the Ocean Tower and we loved it. Great location- less than a block from the beach. We knew it was an older hotel with rooms that needeed some updating, but the rooms were fine. Very clean and with comfortable beds. Our room (906) had a terrific view of the ocean and it had a balcony with a view of Diamond Head. It was probably the best room in the hotel. The hotel staff is great! Very, very nice and helpful. The free breakfast is coffee, juice, and sweet rolls. The coffee was available starting at 6 am and the rest was available 7:30 - 9:30. Breakfast is adequate. Again, the staff are always there to help. We were given some juice at noon as we checked out.This hotel is a great value. It may not be a 4 or 5 star hotel, but it is more than acceptable and a real bargain for the money. The managment has big plans to upgrade the rooms. We were shown two rooms which have just been remodeled and they are awesome (an oriental-type design with plenty of high-end amenities). Look for the remodeling to take 12-18 months to complete. They plan to remodel 2 floors at a time. When the remodel is done, this will be an excellent hotel. As a smaller hotel with only 9 floors, it offers a more intimate atmosphere and there are no long waits for the elevators.We highly recommend this hotel!
341	F	Bad: The room was really small. With two large suitcases, we could hardly move in it. Good: Location, staff, bar with complimentary drinks
465	F	Bad: Car was freshly washed before we arrived to valet the car. 3 days later, the car was filled with hard water marks from the sprinklers and now we need to get the car detailed to remove the spots. A bit frustrating to not get the car back in the same condition... Good: Location great, staff was pleasant, buffet was good and the chef that made the omelet was amazing
102	I	Staff weren't helpful and no one tried to come and clean our room on several nights. Rooms were very small. Good location
447	F	Bad: The facility is normal and so many people held parties at night, so you may not wanna stay there if you are seeking a place where is relaxing and quiet. Good: Staffs are friendly and the location is good
198	I	Bad: Th e food wasnt that good. Good: The breakfast buffett was good, the other 2 restaurants were just fair, in fact in one of them I got sick with the food.
71	F	This property is absolutely pristine. The grounds are perfectly maintained, the rooms are luxurious with exquisite detail and the hotel in general is just a site to see. The location is great if you want to be away from the city and in a quiet area with gorgeous views of the hills (but close enough to to drive to Del... More
177	I	Bad: smokey air out of elevators. Good: valet parking with security-
99	I	Bad: Timing seemed to be off. Had to wait a very long time for breakfast, longer than people who had come in after us. Had to wait a very long time for the valet to bring our car, seemed to be some kind of communication issue. They were nice about it, and so were we, but it seemed to be a theme, which was a bit of a disappointment. Good: Nicely appointed room, great location.
295	F	Good: The breakfast was good and the bedroom was comfortable.It was within walking distance of the freedom trail.There was also a shuttle bus to the airport within walking distance.
408	I	Good: Great location on Ocean Drive. Room and amenities were nice and comfortable. Nice lounge, bar area. Very nice and helpful staff. Bathroom a bit tight but fine.
337	F	Good: Loved the sound system in the room and the fact that they have coffee all the time!
417	I	Bad: Small rooms for American standards. Could have been cleaner. Towels were dirty. Average standard hotel, not as good as expected. Good: Very good location, one block from the beach (2 min walk). 3 min to Ocean Drive/Lummus Park, 5 min to Nikki Beach Club. Chairs and umbrellas on the beach from an external provider from 8.30 am to 6.30 pm included. Towels are provided. Valet parking 35 for 24h, no overnight street parking (day 4/h).
273	F	Bad: Breakfast pretty modest but I could leave with that!. Good: Excellent location next to attractions, commercial area, everything. Friendly and helpful staff. The room was not big but well equipped. Good price for Boston which is an expensive city.
110	I	Bad: poor room comfort no room for clothes very old bath accesories high price.
318	I	Bad: Breakfast is very poor. Good: Room was very comfortable. Ideally positionned.
335	F	Bad: The parking garage was farther than we thought, was inconvenient but realize its a city and parking is always difficult. I would of liked valet service and would of paid more happily for it. Good: Yes it's small put clearly stated and really set up well. Was very fresh and updated not to mention clean. Would defiantly stay here again on our next visit. The staff in the evening was very efficient and helpful.
85	I	Bad: The room rate was terrible we had a Booking.com rate that was not honoured it soured the stay and was a big difference. We to date have no explanation!. Good: Location
278	F	Bad: I didn't see that there was breakfast available at the hotel. Good: Location was amazing!!!! Room was a little tight for two but very nice
302	F	Bad: Provided breakfast is just bagels and doughnuts + tea/coffee. I'm not sure how that qualifies as continental! Beds are very small but OK for a relatively small couple - would be uncomfortable if you are much over 6 feet. Rooms are small but that's the only way you are getting a room at this price in this location. Good: Location is excellent (we walked everywhere including from Boston Back Bay station to the hotel with our bags - it's a 10min walk), staff were friendly, rooms are small but reasonably well appointed, hotel and rooms were very clean.
281	F	Good: Location is fabulous. Got there very early and was able to check in! Room was clean and modern. Love this hotel!
346	F	Bad: Breakfast was slim pickings. No cereal or toast. No yoghurt. Only bagels with unrefrigerated cream cheese and quick oats porridge. Don't go for the breakfast. Good: Great room, clean and a comfortable.
28	I	Hotel is in the perfect spot at the perfect price with the not so perfect view. Expedia rep said that it was facing the water and in a way it was but at a 45 degree angel past the parking lot and a few other obstructions. You have to stretch your neck at the furthest corner of the window to gain a peak. But it was still good though. The room sleeps like nobody's business. Once your head hits the pillows its light out. What I did not like was the front desk personnel. They really did not like there job and it showed. No eye contact, no smiles, no small talk, and what really disturbed me was at check in when I was told to sign this that's how it was put. I was like what is it Just sign - its nothing. Sir What am I signing. Oh if you have a party and smoke we can charge you 250.00(eyes still on monitor). Well sir. Tell me that. Next. Came back later that night to get snacks out of the cupboard. Over priced but I expected that but the person at the front desk was lifeless and didn't not even give me a total. She just says. Its charged to your room and kept staring at her monitor(again the monitor). WOW. But what makes up for some of the small inconsistencies is that fact that the water is in walking distance. The Ferris wheel is right there and Gaylord Hotel is right across the street. Good energy in the area and great spots to eat(Redstone) . Cant wait to visit again. Thanks for the snacks!
64	F	Five of the last six years, our company has hosted our annual meeting at the Grand Del Mar (and we regret not having it six out of six years). The GdM may be the top place to stay in the US, thus my recommendation is in the title of the review. The GdM is not inexpensive, but it is worth... More
152	I	Pros- Great customer service, comfortable beds, clean rooms, fantastic room style/decor and safe area. Cons- no pool, no meals available, just a few pastry type items at the bar/lobby
339	I	Bad: sheets seemed unwashed and old item from previous occupant was still in closet.
68	F	This is a very, very, very good hotel. My expectations were high because of the reviews I had read and it didn't quite meet my expectations. I know I'm knit-picking but while the abundance of fresh flower petals in my room were very nice I would gladly have traded them for a room service breakfast with hot coffee, hot ham... More
104	I	Bad: (Valet) parking is expensive. Room was a bit small. Good: Very pleasant experience. The room was good, clean and had a rich minibar. Very nice bar/restaurant/breakfast accomodation. Personell (we were helped by luckas) was extraordinary kind and helpful.
78	I	The room key did not work i to go to lobby 4 times no parking under heavy construction noise the staff very incompetent I will not come back to this hotel
491	I	Bad: Difficult to reach reservation staff (no tollfree number, nobody answering phone during business hours, long waits on hold), inflexibility in changing a reservation a week in advance, not enough towels, toilet too low and tub too high. A bit pricey... Good: Location, quality of free toiletries
296	F	Bad: Walls are very thin - we could hear upstairs and next door neighbors. The breakfast was very basic. Good: The location was great. Easy access to T. Nice bathroom.
53	F	This hotel is a peach. The staff are friendly, the hot breakfast filling and the rooms are immaculate. This should be a poster child for how to run a hotel.
279	I	Bad: parking. Good: BREAKFAST AND THE BAR WERE REAL NICE........BARTENDER chris ..great guy
435	I	Good: The serviceminded staff in the reception (specially Maria)
244	I	Bad: The room was hot the ac didn't work . the beds looked like full beds had to put both together . other than that everything else was fine. Good: It was nice staying at the Fremont loved going out to the street to see everything happening all the bands playing never did that before .
240	I	Bad: Seemed old, our ac didnt work. Good: Location
363	I	Good: Location, location, location
137	I	Bad: Shower didn't drain propery, was puddle in shower when we checked in. Someone else's shower water left over, very gross. Good: Very friendly staff.
147	I	Bad: The bed platforms! Perhaps if they were painted white they would become part of the bed and maybe missed a little more! They are now the colour of the carpet - beware!. Good: The staff! Very helpful and welcoming and happy! Loved the L'octaine toiletries. Free bikes were a good idea too but it rained during my visit.
489	F	Bad: Check-in process as staff was deceptive and misleading as to when we could check-in. Others around us were equally upset with the dishonesty. Good: Great price through Booking.com. Room was clean and bed comfortable.
206	I	Bad: in old town, far away from new main strip noisy air-con in room decor abit old. Good: cheap buffet with good quality big room comfort bed